# FastAPI facebook_scraper Service
## Introduction
This FastAPI service is designed to scrape posts from NASA's Facebook page and store the data in a SQLite database.
## Prerequisites
* Python 3.6 or higher
* Pip (Python package installer)
### installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/imen-prog/facebook_scraper.git
cd facebook_scraper
```
### install dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Setting up the Database:
The SQLite database file will be automatically created when the FastAPI application starts.
The database file is named posts.db.
Running the FastAPI Service:
* Run the FastAPI application
```bash
uvicorn scrapping_serv:app --reload
```
* Access the FastAPI Swagger Documentation
  Open your web browser and navigate to http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs. This is the interactive API documentation generated by FastAPI.
  - Scraping NASA's Facebook Page:
To trigger the scraping process, visit the following endpoint in your browser or use a tool like cURL or Postman:
```bash
http://127.0.0.1:8000/scrape
```
- Monitoring and Troubleshooting
  * The terminal where the FastAPI application is running will display logs, including successful data scraping and any errors encountered.
* If an error occurs during scraping, the error message will be returned as part of the API response.
  - Checking the Database
    * You can use any SQLite database viewer tool to inspect the contents of the posts.db file.
  - Example Usage
    * Open a web browser and navigate to http://127.0.0.1:8000/scrape.
    * Check the terminal for logs on the number of posts scraped and whether the data was successfully saved to the database.
    - Important Notes:
* Make sure you have the required permissions to access the Facebook page.
* The scraping functionality relies on the HTML structure of the Facebook page, and any changes to the structure may affect the scraping process.
